learn/p2p-subscriptions/index.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 0
title: Monetize Your Content with Fexr's Subscription Platform
description: How Creators and Freelancers Can Use Fexr's Subscription Listing Platform to Monetize Their Content
keywords: [Fexr, Subscription, Cryptocurrency, On-Chain Reviews, SEO]
---

Are you a creator or freelancer looking for a way to monetize your content and grow your audience? Fexr's subscription listing platform may be just what you need. With Fexr, you can create and manage subscription plans for your content, accept payments in various cryptocurrencies, and receive on-chain reviews from your subscribers. Plus, Fexr's platform offers great SEO, which can help you reach more potential subscribers.

## Step 1: Sign Up for Fexr

To get started with Fexr, you'll need to create an account on the platform. This is a simple process that can be done in a few minutes. Once you've signed up, you'll be able to access Fexr's subscription listing platform and start creating subscription plans for your content.

## Step 2: Create Your Subscription Plans

Once you're signed up for Fexr, you can start creating subscription plans for your content. Fexr's platform allows you to create both recurring and one-time subscription plans, so you can choose the option that works best for your content. You can also set the price for each subscription plan and choose which cryptocurrencies you want to accept as payment.

## Step 3: List Your Subscription Plans on [Fexr.Club](https://fexr.club)

After you've created your subscription plans, you can list them on [Fexr.Club](https://fexr.club). This will allow potential subscribers to discover your content and sign up for your subscription plans. Fexr's platform offers great SEO, so your subscription plans will be more visible to potential subscribers.

## Step 4: Receive On-Chain Reviews from Your Subscribers

One of the unique features of Fexr's subscription listing platform is that subscribers can leave on-chain reviews of your content. This can help you build your reputation and attract more subscribers. When a subscriber leaves a review, it is recorded on the blockchain and cannot be deleted or altered.

## Step 5: Collect Payments and Manage Your Subscribers

Fexr's subscription listing platform makes it easy to collect payments and manage your subscribers. You can view your subscriber list, see which subscription plans they've signed up for, and manage their subscriptions. Fexr also handles the payment processing for you, so you don't have to worry about setting up your own payment gateway.

## Conclusion

Fexr's subscription listing platform offers a great way for creators and freelancers to monetize their content and grow their audience. With Fexr, you can create and manage subscription plans, accept payments in various cryptocurrencies, and receive on-chain reviews from your subscribers. Plus, Fexr's platform offers great SEO, which can help you reach more potential subscribers. If you're looking for a way to monetize your content, consider giving Fexr's subscription listing platform a try.

Commit message:

temporarily commented Club pages until development period is completed.

learn/p2p-subscriptions/index.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 0
title: Monetize Your Content with Fexr's Subscription Platform
description: How Creators and Freelancers Can Use Fexr's Subscription Listing Platform to Monetize Their Content
keywords: [Fexr, Subscription, Cryptocurrency, On-Chain Reviews, SEO]
---

Are you a creator or freelancer looking for a way to monetize your content and grow your audience? Fexr's subscription listing platform may be just what you need. With Fexr, you can create and manage subscription plans for your content, accept payments in various cryptocurrencies, and receive on-chain reviews from your subscribers. Plus, Fexr's platform offers great SEO, which can help you reach more potential subscribers.

:::info
Dear Fexr users,

We are excited to announce that our P2P subscriptions page is currently being developed for our exclusive Club members. However, due to overwhelming demand, we have temporarily closed the window for new applicants.

We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, but we want to ensure that we provide the best possible experience to our existing Club members. Rest assured, the P2P subscriptions page will be available to the public soon, and we will keep you updated on any further developments.

Thank you for your understanding, and we look forward to welcoming you to our exclusive Club in the near future.

Best regards,
The Fexr team
:::

## Step 1: Sign Up for Fexr

To get started with Fexr, you'll need to create an account on the platform. This is a simple process that can be done in a few minutes. Once you've signed up, you'll be able to access Fexr's subscription listing platform and start creating subscription plans for your content.

## Step 2: Create Your Subscription Plans

Once you're signed up for Fexr, you can start creating subscription plans for your content. Fexr's platform allows you to create both recurring and one-time subscription plans, so you can choose the option that works best for your content. You can also set the price for each subscription plan and choose which cryptocurrencies you want to accept as payment.

## Step 3: List Your Subscription Plans on [Fexr.Club](https://fexr.club)

After you've created your subscription plans, you can list them on [Fexr.Club](https://fexr.club). This will allow potential subscribers to discover your content and sign up for your subscription plans. Fexr's platform offers great SEO, so your subscription plans will be more visible to potential subscribers.

## Step 4: Receive On-Chain Reviews from Your Subscribers

One of the unique features of Fexr's subscription listing platform is that subscribers can leave on-chain reviews of your content. This can help you build your reputation and attract more subscribers. When a subscriber leaves a review, it is recorded on the blockchain and cannot be deleted or altered.

## Step 5: Collect Payments and Manage Your Subscribers

Fexr's subscription listing platform makes it easy to collect payments and manage your subscribers. You can view your subscriber list, see which subscription plans they've signed up for, and manage their subscriptions. Fexr also handles the payment processing for you, so you don't have to worry about setting up your own payment gateway.

## Conclusion

Fexr's subscription listing platform offers a great way for creators and freelancers to monetize their content and grow their audience. With Fexr, you can create and manage subscription plans, accept payments in various cryptocurrencies, and receive on-chain reviews from your subscribers. Plus, Fexr's platform offers great SEO, which can help you reach more potential subscribers. If you're looking for a way to monetize your content, consider giving Fexr's subscription listing platform a try.
