developers/auth/flow.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Single Sign On for Enterprise
description: This page explains the Sign in and Sign up flow with Fexr
keywords: [Fexr, Sign in, Sign up, flow, validate, on-chain, Decentralized, DID, identity, Authenticating]
---

### 1. Get Fexr

One app for everything. Fexr app function as a gateway for your identity in blockchain to be used as your identity for privacy essential applications. **Your lite wallet (Fexr app in your phone) communicates via RPC protocol to main wallet which connects to other validators and nodes in the blockchain**. Main wallets are provided as service or free by different subnet providers in Fexr community.

### 2. Create your Identity on Blockchain

First time you open the app, You will be directed to create an identity on blockchain where the **keys are generated within your device. Private key never leaves the device unless you export or backup it manually**. Then app will ask you to choose a provider to host your main wallet. Some providers allow faster syncing and transaction at a monthly fare paid anually. Subnets vary on geographical location and bandwidth. You can look into stats of all the subnets on [Rubix Explorer](https://rubixexplorer.com).


### 3. Prepare your app to validate

Once your Fexr app is ready, you can view your on-chain identity key (Decentralized IDentity or DID) available across on the Rubix blockchain network. **Third party services only need to know your on-chain identity key (DID) and public key to authenticate your signature given the payload**. This allows anyone to verify your signature and your ownership by themselves, without requiring your credentials. You may use `Sign in Fexr` option in other apps to authenticate yourself to their service. At any point, services can verify your identity by validating the signatures you signed for them via Fexr app.

### 4. Challenge and validate

This step is done by third party services you have authorised to validate your identity. **Third party services will send a challenge to your Fexr app to sign a payload**. Fexr app will sign the payload and send the signature back to the service. **The service will validate the signature by checking the public key of your identity key (DID) on the blockchain**. If the signature is valid, the service will consider you as authenticated and allow you to access their service.

**Authenticating Again**

If you have already authenticated to a service, you can use `Sign in Fexr` option in other apps to authenticate yourself to their service. At any point, services can verify your identity by validating the signatures you signed for them via Fexr app.

Commit message:

rename DID and Private key to Address and Secret
Signed-off-by: Nidhin Mahesh A <nidhin.m@rubix.network>

developers/auth/flow.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Single Sign On for Enterprise
description: This page explains the Sign in and Sign up flow with Fexr
keywords:
  [
    Fexr,
    Sign in,
    Sign up,
    flow,
    validate,
    on-chain,
    Decentralized,
    Address,
    identity,
    Authenticating,
  ]
---

### 1. Get Fexr

One app for everything. Fexr app function as a gateway for your identity in blockchain to be used as your identity for privacy essential applications. **Your lite wallet (Fexr app in your phone) communicates via RPC protocol to main wallet which connects to other validators and nodes in the blockchain**. Main wallets are provided as service or free by different subnet providers in Fexr community.

### 2. Create your Identity on Blockchain

First time you open the app, You will be directed to create an identity on blockchain where the **keys are generated within your device. Secret key never leaves the device unless you export or backup it manually**. Then app will ask you to choose a provider to host your main wallet. Some providers allow faster syncing and transaction at a monthly fare paid anually. Subnets vary on geographical location and bandwidth. You can look into stats of all the subnets on [Rubix Explorer](https://rubixexplorer.com).

### 3. Prepare your app to validate

Once your Fexr app is ready, you can view your on-chain identity key (Decentralized IDentity or Address) available across on the Rubix blockchain network. **Third party services only need to know your on-chain identity key (Address) and public key to authenticate your signature given the payload**. This allows anyone to verify your signature and your ownership by themselves, without requiring your credentials. You may use `Sign in Fexr` option in other apps to authenticate yourself to their service. At any point, services can verify your identity by validating the signatures you signed for them via Fexr app.

### 4. Challenge and validate

This step is done by third party services you have authorised to validate your identity. **Third party services will send a challenge to your Fexr app to sign a payload**. Fexr app will sign the payload and send the signature back to the service. **The service will validate the signature by checking the public key of your identity key (Address) on the blockchain**. If the signature is valid, the service will consider you as authenticated and allow you to access their service.

**Authenticating Again**

If you have already authenticated to a service, you can use `Sign in Fexr` option in other apps to authenticate yourself to their service. At any point, services can verify your identity by validating the signatures you signed for them via Fexr app.
